oh hi everyone this is Olaf my friends
call me
Olaf one would beg Wolfenstein once I'm
here to Coakley review or just compare
this refunds youth in front of you one
of them mr. Sam Sonya I 61 seven on the
other one is Samsung I 780 other one of
the instrument of on you assume this is
a great phone I have to say it's really
fantastic
ah 780 is actually a very cool phone toe
has everything you could want in a phone
you know it has the trackpad optical
trackpad yeah
right here you see the optical trackpad
over here on the top you have the hole
for the stylus it is goes right here on
the back there is also a radio Cobra
here it's great he's 71 I have the
backup of got this new and everything
but the i61 seven it's really it's a
good phone to own this thing it has is
really this jog dial think it's kind of
cool this movie but this one has
actually flow on everything the trackpad
you could see the mouse moving there ir
it's very grave ons on top of that is
also a touch screen say I'm touching the
screen
look at this one touching it there I'm
touching the screen again will go to
touch it right now it's great touching
it look at optical yeah
oh there that dividing from you okay so
the eye 61 7 I shouldn't put anything
aside of it it's just really sitting
there it's kind of a drab kind of a like
an old phone I really wouldn't want you
thirty I'm saying
so the e71 is still the best phone that
I'm having yeah you know compared to all
three of them you can see the size it's
pretty much the same it's very similar
we can compared to my to my ring which
Simon gave to me yeah you see it's very
height wise it's very close and
harvesting like that
you know so yeah it's great phone
pianist and everything like that it's
all perfect with the phone
this one is unlocked this one is Fido
once this one is to Rogers it's a little
bit of everything
yeah okay great thank you all that's
right